Various connected variations can be easily realized
How to assemble tunnel connect screen tarp 2 easily
Let's check if there is a shortage of parts first
Expand the body Keep the zipper closed
You have to loosen the two locations of the loop with a slider out of the corner loop of the body
Stretch the gray roof pole
I thread the gray main sleeve
The red ridge pole is extended. The leg passes through the sleeve of the net.
Insert the pocket
Ah ah ah ah
It will be easier to get in while lifting the roof
Insert the gray roof pole into the inner jagged part of the joint part
It is the completion of the roof part
Stretch 4 green corner poles
Insert one end into the joint part
Insert the opposite end of the corner pole in the end t
Launch the body
At that time, it will be easier to launch if you insert the one with the loop later
Insert the ball into one of the two end pins on the canopy side
Fix the hook attached to the body to the corner pole
Extend two arch poles
Pass the pole through the sleeve of the body
Since the third part is greatly curved, the ball is mounted so as not to break the sleeve
Do not pull on the pole, but be sure to stock
I was there
Insert the end of the arch pole into the remaining end pin in the corner
To secure over the hooks attached to the body on a large arch pole
Set a fixed position and drive pegs on diagonals of 4 loops in order from windward
I will compensate
Wrap the loops in the ply sheet around the pole
Tie a free rope through the inside of the loop
Is completed tightened a universal rope over a harsh beating rope